Amazon Translate ranked as #1 machine translation provider by Intento
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/machine-learning/amazon-translate-ranked-as-1-machine-translation-provider-by-intento/

Customer obsession, one of the key Amazon Leadership principles that guides everything we do at Amazon, has helped Amazon Translate be recognized as an industry leading neural machine translation provider. This year, Intento ranked Amazon Translate #1 on the list of top-performing machine translation providers in its The State of Machine Translation 2020 report. We are excited to be recognized for pursuing our passion—designing the best customer experience in machine translation.
Amazon Translate is a neural machine translation service that delivers fast, high-quality, and affordable language translation. Neural machine translation is a form of machine translation that uses deep learning models to deliver more accurate and more natural sounding translation than traditional statistical and rule-based translation algorithms. Amazon Translate’s development has been fueled by customer feedback, leading to a steady stream of rich features that help you reach more people in more places—without breaking your translation services budget.
Intento is one of the leading organizations helping global companies procure and utilize the best-fit cognitive AI services. In this independent study, Intento evaluated 15 of the most prominent MT providers used by language service providers and localization services. The data used included examples from across 16 industry sectors, with 8 content types, including topics such as financial documentation, patents, sales and marketing material. These inputs were translated between 14 common language pairs to determine the best engine for a given translation scenario. It ranked the results of each MT engine based on how they compared to a reference human translation.
The results showed that no MT service is best in all language pairs across all industry sectors and content types. However, Amazon Translate had the highest number of instances in which it was rated “best.”

At Amazon, we strive to bring the most value to our customers and deliver the world’s best machine translation service! If your company is looking for machine translation, please contact us. We’d love to show you what Amazon Translate can do.
More information on the features and capabilities that Intento considered in its analysis of the top MT providers is available in the full report (registration is required).
